Added `dry-run` to `README` example (#248)
SupertechLabs/qiskit-superstaq: README.md

qc.measure(1, 1)

print(qc)

> # Submitting a circuit to "ibmq_qasm_simulator". Providing the "dry-run" method parameter instructs Su

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Submitting a circuit to "ibmq_qasm_simulator". Providing the "dry-run" method parameter instructs SuperstaQ to simulate the circuit, and is available to free trial users.
```

> perstaQ to simulate the circuit, and is available to free trial users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
